Add concurrent Redis lock store option (#11256)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/11256.improvement.md

> Implements a new subclass of `LockStore` entitled `ConcurrentRedisLockStore` that handles concurrent scenarios when separate Rasa instances are trying to acquire the lock at the same time.

Author: Addressed: https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/pull/11256/commits/25366adc136856f61aa91bb4eb816bb865cb848b

> A deprecation warning was issued for `RedisLockStore` which will be removed in version `4.0.0` in favour of the new concurrent implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deprecation warning will be issued for the usage of the prior `RedisLockStore`. It will be removed in version `4.0.0` in favour of the new concurrent implementation.
```
